WARNING: I highly recommend disabling the Pisound Linux driver when
you use an application based on this.  To do so, I currently create
a file /etc/modprobe.d/raspi-blacklist.conf containing these two
lines:

blacklist snd_soc_pisound
blacklist snd_soc_bcm2835_i2s

--------------------------------------------------------------------

The purpose of this project is to create a user space framework for
real-time audio processing.  While Linux kernel audio drivers are
standard and overall very good.  They are subject to latency
introduced by buffering audio and transitioning between kernel and
user space.  On platforms such as the Raspberry Pi, there is often an
I2S interface built into the SoC that provides a very low-latency
connection between the processor and the CODEC.  Since 2005, I have
been creating embedded software that uses these interfaces directly
without an OS such as Linux.  However, there is a great advantage when
creating new devices to use a standard OS such as Linux.  With the
current use of inexpensive multicore SoC chips, we have an
alternative.  We can create a real-time thread that consumes an entire
CPU core similar to how DPDK works in the networking realm.  The code
in this repository will become a library that can be shared and used
by all to create devices with audio latency below 1 millisecond.  The
current state is very rough, but does offer a starting point.
Contributions from other developers will be accepted with appropriate
code review.  Anything contributed must be license compatible with
LGPLv3.
